1  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
  
   
Nationwide Multistate  Licensing System & 
Registry  
MSB Call Reports  
 
XML Specification  
Release 2024.8 
 
  
 
    
 
   
 
  

2  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
  
 
Change Log  
Date  Description  Release  
12/23/2016 Initial draft  2017.1  
1/4/2017  Included sample with all MSBCR sections  2017.1  
2/23/2017  Added a clarification about XML behavior on decimal fields.  2017.1  
03/08/2017  Removed references to Sections A -C 2017.1  
03/27/2017  • The system require s the user to manually  input  decimals within  percentage 
fields. Removed the following statement  from Section 3.3 Upload 
Considerations : 
For percentage fields entered without a decimal, XML will place the decimal before the last two 
digits Example, a value entered as “8445” will be input into the system as “84.45”  
• Updated XSD and sample XML files in Section 5 . 
• Added an example for the “hundredth” datatype to  Section 4.5.2 Schema 
Validation Notes : 
Example, for the “hundredth” datatype, at least one digit is required before the decimal, and 
exactly two digits are required after the decimal.  2017.1  
07/07/2017  • Added rules around TD -A and TD -B list -based sections processing to  
Section 4. 6.2.  
• Updated XSD and XML sample for Version 2 MSBCR  
• Added validation message #9 to Section 4. 5.1. 2017.3  
07/17/2017  • Updated XSD for Version 1 MSBCR (Table 7)  
• Removed Q4 as a valid value.   
• Removed TD-A and TD-B as valid sections.  
• Added a validation #10 - Table 5 2017.3  
8/7/2017  • Updated release notes Section 2.2. 
• Record ID will no longer be used as the key to update data via XML upload. 
Updated Section 4.6.2 2017.3  
12/1/2022  • Updated release notes.  
• Updated list of Form Versions  
• Adding missing information for TD -A and TD -B components  2023.3  
1/30/2024  • Updated release notes.  
• Updated list of Form Versions  2023.4  
10/2/2024  • Updated release notes.  
• Updated list of Form Versions  2024.8  
 
  

3  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 1 Overview  
 
As of  Release 2017.1 , companies have the ability to  create, manage, and submit Money  Services Business  
Call Reports (M SBCR)  within NMLS  through submission of an MSBCR filing. An MSBCR filing can be 
created and maintained manually within NMLS or through an upload of an XML file to NMLS.  
The upload feature will allow companies to streamline the filing process for MSB  Call Reports by extracting 
information from  their own internal systems and providing it to NMLS. An XML upload may be used in order 
to create an initial MSBCR filing, change information on a pending MSBCR filing or amend information on a 
previously -submitted MSBCR filing.  
This document provides the specification for the XML file in support of creating and updating an MSBCR filing. Note that this document is not intended to provide an overview of MSB  Call Report  requirements . For 
detailed information for MSB Call Reports, including an explanation of each field, please refer to the 
NMLS 
Resource Center . 
 Audience  
This document is intended to be used by technical staff responsible for building the XML file for an MSB  Call 
Report. It is expected that readers of this document have existing knowledge of XML.  
 Contact Information / Technical Issues  
For questions or issues using the upload feature within NMLS , contact either the NMLS Call Center or your 
Account Administrator . The NMLS Call Center will not provide support for creating or troubleshooting XML 
files 
 Prerequisites for Creating and Submitting MSBCR  Filings 
A company must have an MSB license in NMLS in order to upload an XML file for an MSB  Call Report. The 
user attempting to upload the file must have an NMLS user account with the appropriate MSBCR role. To 
determine if your account has the appropriate role to perform XML file uploads for MSB Call Reports, contact 
your Account Administrator.  
2 Release Notes  
 Release 201 7.1 
1. New version 
 Release 201 7.3 
1. Added TD-A and TD-B sections.  
 Release 20 23.3 
1. Field changes to the Virtual Current sections of ST and TA components.  

4  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 
 Release 20 23.4 
1. Additional fields added to Permissable Investments  
 Release 2024.8  
2. Additional fields added to Permissable Investments and ST components.  
 
3 Upload  File Process   
 
 Using the Upload Process for Filing MSBCR s 
An XML file can be uploaded to create or amend an MSBCR filing as described below: 
  

5  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 Table 1 – Creating and Amending via Uploads  
Company needs 
to… Performed when….  NMLS Action  
Upload a new 
MSBCR Filing  An MSBCR  filing does not exist (in 
any status) for the Company for the 
Reporting Period.  NMLS  will create a new MSBCR  filing 
and any  FC, TA, ST and PI  component s 
contained in the XML.  
 
In addition, NMLS will create any  
missing, but required components 
automatically when creating an MSBCR filing for a quarterly period type (Q1, Q2, 
Q3 or Q4).  
Add one or more 
components to a pending MSBCR 
filing A pending MSBCR  filing exists (Filing 
Status = Pending Initial or Pending Amendment) and the company wishes to add another component through an upload file. For instance, the company needs to add an ST for 
a state that is not currently represented in the MSBCR filing.  
No other changes are being reported 
to existing components,  NMLS will add the MSBCR  component 
to the MSBCR filing corresponding to 
the same reporting period without altering the data in any existing component.  
Edit one or more 
components of a pending MSBCR 
filing A pending MSBCR  filing exists (Filing 
Status = Pending Initial or Pending Amendment)  for the Reporting Period 
and the company wishes to update some or all of the data.  NMLS w ill update the pending  filing with 
the information provided in the XML.  
 
Any data elements not included in the XML file will be carried forward from the pending MSBCR filing. Any data 
elements included in the XML file without a value will be treated as an 
indication to clear the corresponding 
value in the pending  MSBCR  filing.  
Amend one or more 
components of a 
processed MSBCR 
filing An MSBCR  filing exists in a 
Processed status for the Reporting Period to be edited.  NMLS will create a  pending amendment 
to the processed MSBCR filing from the 
data elements provided in the XML file.  
 Any data elements not present in the XML file will be carried forward from the processed MSBCR filing. Any data 
elements included in the XML file without a value will be treated as an indication to clear the corresponding value in the pending MSBCR filing.  
 
 
 The Upload Process (Step By Step ) 
The following steps outline the process of uploading an XML file to NMLS in order to initiate creation of an 
MSBCR filing. For additional information on using the Upload feature in NMLS, please refer to the NMLS 
Resource Center . 
 
1. Construct an XML file conforming to the required schema (.XSD file) for the MSBCR and Form 
Version. For each F orm Version there will be separate schema for MSBCRs . See section 4.1 Form 
Versions below for more information on Form Versions and selecting the correct XSD .  

6  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
  
2. From the Upload MSBCR Filing page in NMLS, locate your XML file and choose the upload button.  
 
3. Wait for NMLS to immediately perform  Level 1 validations (see Table 5  below in 4.5 Upload 
Validations  section) against the XML file. If any Level 1 validations fail, the relevant message is 
displayed and the file is not uploaded.   
• The system will normally only display the first level 1 validation encountered since most 
failures prevent further validation.  
• If the file is not schema-compliant , the upload will fail but the message will not describe the 
exact schema error.  
 
4. If your file passes Level 1 validations , it will be queued for Level 2 validations (see Table 5  below in 
4.5 Upload Validations  section)  and displayed on the MSBCR Upload File History page with a 
status of “Upload Pending”.  
• Level 2 validations generally occur within a few minutes . You can refresh the MSBCR 
Upload File History page to watch for the status to be updated.  
• If any of the Level 2 validations fail, the file is given a status of “Invalid” and a link is provided 
to view the error  messages.  
 
5. If the file passes Level 2 validations , the following actions are taken based on current  MSBCR filings:  
• If you currently do not have any MSBCR filing (regardless of status) that matches the Year, 
Period Type of your upload file, NMLS:  
i. Creates a new MSBCR filing with a status of “Pending – Initial” . 
ii. Adds all the data from your upload to the MSBCR filing.  
• If you currently have an MSBCR filing in a status of “Pending-Initial” or “Pending-
Amendment” that matches the Year, Period Type of your upload file, NMLS  merges the data 
from the upload file with the data currently in the MSBCR filing according to the rule in the 
4.6 Merging Rules section. 
• If you currently have an MSBCR filing in a “Filing Processed” status  that matches the Year, 
Period Type of your upload file, NMLS creates a revision of the processed MSBCR filing, 
sets the status to “Pending-Amendment” and merges the data from the upload file with the 
data currently in the filing according to the 4.6  Merging Rules. 
 
IMPORTANT:  the upload process will not submit your MSBCR filing. You must manually run 
completeness checks against each component and submit the filing in NMLS.  
 
 Upload Considerations  
When attempting to upload an XML file, the following should be considered:  
1. XML f iles may only be uploaded during system hours. Visit the NMLS Resource Center for Hours of 
Operation . 
2. XML files will be processed in near real-time; except during periods of peak system usage, when 
processing of uploaded files may be delayed.  
3. While an upload is queued and before it has completed processing you will not be able to perform the 
following actions on an MSBCR filing that matches the Year, Period Type of the upload:  
a. Delete the MSBCR filing 
b. Delete any component in the MSBCR filing 
c. Submit the MSBCR filing 

7  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 d. Upload another file for the same Year, Period Type of the pending upload  
4. An XML file may contain data for only one Reporting Period.  
5. The system requires the user to manually input  decimals within percentage fields  where previously it 
had automatically input the decimal before the final two digits  of each entry . 
4 MSBCR  Upload File  Validation and Structure  
 
This section describes the rules for constructing a valid MSBCR Upload file. This includes both business 
rules and data schema rules.  
 Form Version s  
Over time it becomes necessary to add/delete/change fields in the MSBCR form components . Such changes  
are part of an NMLS release and require the introduction of a new MSBCR Form Version . This also 
necessitates a new Schema file for validating your XML upload file in the new form version.   The Form 
Version of the MSBCR form is set as the most recent Form Version active in NMLS when the MSBCR form is 
initially created, regardless of the Reporting Period. Any MSBCR form which is pending submission when a 
new Form Version is released or which is amended after a new Form Version is released will retain the 
original Form Version. To understand further  impact s of Form Versioning on XML Schema validations see 
section 4.3 XML Schema Validation .  
 Selecting the Correct Form Version   
Refer  to section 5 Associated Files  to determine the exact XSD schema file  and FormVersion to use.  
Table 2 - Selecting the Correct Form Version for your Schema  
Action  Form Version  
I am creating a new MSBCR  filing.  An MSBCR  
has never been submitted for this Reporting 
Period and there is no pending MSBCR for this 
Reporting Period.  Use the most curren t Form Version of the MSBCR . 
I am updating  a pending MSBCR  that has 
never been submitted but was created before 
the Form Version change.  Use the Form Version that was originally used when 
the MSBCR filing was created.  
I am revising a previously -submitted MSBCR  
filing.  Use the Form Version that was originally used for 
that MSBCR filing. The Form Version of a submitted 
MSBCR filing is displayed on the View MSBCR 
Sections  <pending text document implementation>  
page in the company’s composite record in NMLS.  
The following table contains a summary of MSBCR Form Version changes:  
Table 3 – Form Version Changes  
 Release  Date of Release  Form Version  
Release 2017.1  March 2017  v1 
Release 2017.3  July 2017  v2 
Release 2023.1  April 2023  v3 
Release 2024.5  May 2024  v4 

8  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 
 MSBCR  Filing Structure and Requirements  
An MSBCR is comprised of one or more components, including a Financial Condition component (FC) 
and/or a Transactions - Company wide (TA) component , one or more Transactions State-Specific  (ST) and a 
Permissible Investments  (PI) component. The FC is comprised of the filing entity’s financial data at a MU1 
level. An ST is the component of the MSBCR that gathers information regarding the filing entity’s 
transactional activity at a state level. Each ST  includes data for a specific state. A single TA component must 
always  be present, regardless of whether an ST component is required to be filed by the entity . The TA is not 
state specific but captures information that is applicable across all states .  
 XML Schema  Validation   
Your XML file must conform to the XSD schema associated with the Form Version  of the MSBCR . Much of 
the validation of the upload file occurs as part of XML schema validation. There are numerous tools available 
for users to run their own schema validation on upload files before attempting to upload. Those tools will 
provide user with specific messages on what schema restrictions have failed. NMLS will not provide these 
specific messages . A file which does not conform to the correct schema definition for the filing will fail 
validation rule #4 in Table 6 – Validation Rules and Messages below (see Upload Validations section) . 
Note that each Form Version has its own schema definitions and any upload must conform to the correct 
schema for the Form Version. An upload with the wrong Form Version information in the MSBCR Header tag 
(see Table 4 – Filing Metadata and Allowed Values ) with cause error #13 in Table 6 – Validation Rules 
and Messages below. An upload which contains fields that pertain to the wrong Form Version (where the 
header tag is otherwise correct) will cause the Schema validation error #4 in Table 5 – Validation Rule s 
and Messages below.  
 Filing Metadata and Allowed Values  
The XML file may contain full or partial data for an MSB  Call Report. T he XML file must include the following 
metadata (header) information:  
• The MSBCR header data element as shown in these examples: 
 
MSBCR  Description  MSBCR  Header Tag  
MSBCR  for 2023 Calendar 
Quarter 1  <MSBCR year="20 23" periodType=" MSBCRQ1" formVersion=”v 3” 
> 
 
• At least one component (FC , TA, ST or PI ) header  data element as shown in the following examples:  
Component 
Type  Applicable Fo rm 
Versions  Component Header Tag  
FC All form versions  <Msbcrfc> 
TA All form versions  <Msbcrta> 
ST All form versions  <Msbcrst stateCode="RI">  
PI All form versions  <Msbcrpi> 
TD-A V2, V3 , V4 <Msbcrtda > 
TD-B V2, V3 , V4 <Msbcrtdb stateCode="RI" > 
 
The following table describes the allowed values for these data elements . Please see the schema and XML 
examples associated with this document for the exact specification of the XML structure.  
 
 
 

9  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
  
 
Table 4 – Filing Metadata and Allowed Values  
Tag Attribute  Applicable 
Form 
Versions  Definition  Allowable Values  
MSBCR year* All form 
versions  The year for which the 
MSBCR filing applies.  Any 4 -digit year for which an 
MSBCR filing may be submitted.  
MSBCRFILING periodTyp
e* All form 
versions  The period type for 
the MSBCR filing. 
This must be a 
calendar quarter.  
 
  
Description  Value  
Calendar  
Quarter 1 MSB Q1 
Calendar  
Quarter 2 MSB Q2 
Calendar  
Quarter 3 MSB Q3 
Calendar  
Quarter 4 MSB Q4 
MSBCRFILING formVersi
on 
 
 All form 
versions  The form version of 
the filing.   
Form Version  Value  
v1 v1 
<Msbcrfc>  
  All form 
versions  The header tag for a 
Financial Condition component. There are 
no attributes for this 
tag. N/A 
<Msbcrta>  
  All form 
versions  The header tag for a 
TA. There are no 
attributes for this tag.  N/A 
<Msbcrst>  stateCode  All form 
versions  The ST represents 
data for a state.  The two -letter postal code 
abbreviation corresponding to the 
state/territory.  
<Msbcrpi>   All form 
versions  The header tag for a 
Permissible Investments component. There are 
no attributes for this 
tag. N/A 
<Msbcrtda >  v2, v3, v4   
<Msbcrtdb> stateCode  v2, v3 , v4  The two -letter postal code 
abbreviation corresponding to the 
state/territory.  
* Data that together defines the Reporting Period. 
 Upload Validation s 
Two types of validations will be conducted on XML files:  
1. Schema and metadata validation (Level 1) to ensure that the upload file matches the expected file 
format . Level 1 validations are run when the file is first uploaded and the file will only upload if all Level 1 
validations pass.  

10  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 2. Data content validation (Level 2) to ensure that the upload file represents an appropriate type of MSB  
Call Report for the company . Level 2 validations are run after the file is successfully uploaded. If the file 
fails a Level 2 upload the status is set to “Invalid” and the data is not merged into a filing.  
 Validation Rules and Messages  
Table 5 – Validation Rules and Messages  

11  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 # Form 
Version  Rule  Validation 
Level  Message  
1 All The file name must have an “.xml” extension.  
 1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
file must be in XML format 
with an .xml file extension.  
2 All The length of the file name (including the 
extension) must not be over 50 characters.  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
file name must not exceed 50 
characters.  
3 All The size of the file must not be greater than  
8 MB. 1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
file exceeds 8 MB size limit.  
4 All All XML schema validations must pass . Note 
that for each Form Version there are 
separate schema files (.XSD). See section 
4.5.2 Schema Validation Notes in this 
document for more information.  
 1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - 
Your file does not conform to a valid MSBCR filing 
schema. Please check your file against the 
MSBCR XML 
Specification  av ailable on the 
NMLS Resource Center .   
5 All There must not already be an upload  for the 
company with the same year ( year) , period 
type (periodType) with a status  of  ‘New’, 
"Split Processed’,  ‘Processing’, or "Failed 
Processing".  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED – 
There is an MSBCR Upload file in an Upload Pending status for the Year, Period Type indicated in this file.  
6 All The upload  must include at least one 
component required: At least contain one 
FC, TA, ST or PI component.  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
upload must include at least one section required for the Period Type.  
7 All Year must be a year corresponding to the 
last 8 calendar quarters.  1 You cannot create an 
MSBCR filing for a period 
more than 24 months ago.  
8 All The file must contain “well -formed” XML.  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
file must contain well-formed 
XML.  
9 All The file contains null or hexadecimal 
characters  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
file contains null or 
hexadecimal characters.  
-<List of instances of bad 
characters> - 
10 All The TD -A or TD -B section is only permitted 
on a Q4 filing  1 FILE NOT UPLOADED - The 
upload cannot include a TD-A or TD -B section for the 
period that was indicated  
11 All The upload can only contain one ST 
component per state.  2 The upload ~must contain 
only one ST component per 
state.  
12 V2, V3 , 
V4 The country code entered on the TD -A 
component (<TDA> tag) is invalid. See 
Appendix: Valid Country Codes  below.  2 The country code entered on 
the TD-A section ( <value 
entered> ) is invalid.  
13 V2, V3 , 
V4 The country code entered on the TD -B 
component (<TDB> tag) is invalid. See 
Appendix: Valid Country Codes  below.  2 The country code entered on 
the TD-B section ( <value 
entered> ) is invalid.  
 

12  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 If all conditions have been met, t he MSBCR  filing will be created (or amended) based on data provided in the 
XML file. If any condition fails, the user must upload a new XML file that satisfies all conditions . 
 Schema Validation Notes  
Users should use the associated XSD files to understand the data requirements and ensure that their files 
pass this validation. The following notes are not intended to be comprehensive but should be helpful in 
understanding common schema validation failures.  
1. Any elements included in the upload that are not defined in the schema will cause the file to fail 
schema validation (#4). This includes elements from the wrong Form Version.  
2. Empty numeric elements (e.g. < FC010></FC010>) will cause a schema validation failure. Empty 
string elements will be accepted and will cause any data in the corresponding filing to be nulled out.  
3. The Form Version of the upload must match the Form Version required by the MSBCR Filing.  
4. Most of the fields within the filing are restricted by custom data types . These data types are defined 
at the end of the XSD files and define such things as number of digits allowed before and after the 
decimal, minimum values, string length, allowed value lists, etc.  
Example, for the “hundredth” datatype, at least one digit is required before the decimal, and exactly two digits are required after the decimal.  
5. Note that all container nodes include the <xs:sequence> element which specifies that the child 
elements must appear in the sequence specified in the XSD . 
6. The Validation # value in Table 6 is for reference only and does not signify the order in which 
validations are performed. Understanding the following sequence of Level 1 Validation steps, 
however, may help in your debugging efforts . In each case processing stops upon the first validation 
failure reached:  
Table 6 – Validation Sequence  
Sequence  Validation #s System Processing  
1 1, 2, 3  The system examines the file’s properties and determines whether 
it should attempt to load the file.  
2 8 The system attempts to load the file as XML . If it does not contain 
well-formed XML processing ends and the validation message is 
displayed. The problem with the file could be anything from a file 
containing binary data to an XML file missing an end tag.  
3 4 The system validates the XML schema against the proper XSD.  
5 * The system performs  the remaining Level 1 validations.  
 Merging Rules  
Merging refers to the process of NMLS updating an existing MSBCR  filing with data from a new upload file. 
The rules used to merge data are explained further in this section.  
 Non List Data  
The following rules are used to merge data from an upload file with an existing MSBCR  filing in the system:  
1. Data elements within the existing filing that don’t have a matching data element in the upload remain 
unchanged.   
2. Data elements in the XML upload which are valid for the filing and form type but do not exist in the 
current filing are inserted into the filing.  
3. Data elements in the XML upload which match data elements within the existing filing replace the data within the filing.  
4. Data is replaced at the lowest level in the XML path. Only “leaf” nodes are affected.  

13  Revision Date: 10/2 /2024 
 # Existing Filing Data  Upload Data  Merge Result  
1, 2 <Assets> 
   <FC10>1234</FC10> 
   <FC20>43</FC20> 
</Assets>  <Assets> 
   <FC140>4321</FC140> 
   <FC150>232</FC150> 
<Assets> 
 <Assets> 
   <FC10>1234</FC10>    <FC20>43</FC20> 
   <FC140>4321</FC140> 
   <FC150>232</FC150> 
</Assets> 
3 <Assets> 
   <FC10>0 </FC10> 
   <FC20>0</FC20> 
</Assets> <Assets> 
   <FC10> 123</FC10> 
</Assets> <Assets> 
   <FC10> 123</FC10> 
   <FC20>0</FC20> 
</Assets> 
4 <Assets> 
   <FC10>1234</FC10> 
   <FC20>43</FC20> 
</Assets> <Assets> 
</Assets> <Assets> 
   <FC10>1234</FC10>    <FC20>43</FC20> 
</Assets> 
Note that the  empty section on upload 
does not affect the filing data. Only leaf 
notes are compared.  
 List Data  
The following sections  contains list data:  
Component  Section  Heading  
TD-A Transactions Destination - 
Company -wide Transactions Destination - 
Company -wide 
TD-B  State Transactions Destination  State Transactions Destination  
The system merges upload data in these sections based on matching the country code as the unique 
identifier . Records where the country code matches will have the count and amount values overwritten. 
5 Appendix: Valid Country Codes  
 
Country 
Code Name  
AF Afghanistan  
AX Aland Islands  
AL Albania  
DZ Algeria  
AS American Samoa  
AD Andorra  
AO Angola  
AI Anguilla  
AQ Antarctica  
AG Antigua and Barbuda  
AR Argentina  
AM Armenia  
AW Aruba  
AU Australia  
AT Austria  
AZ Azerbaijan  
BS Bahamas (the)  
BH Bahrain  
BD Bangladesh  
BB Barbados  
BY Belarus  
BE Belgium  
BZ Belize  
BJ Benin  

14  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 BM Bermuda  
BT Bhutan  
BO Bolivia (Plurinational State of)  
BQ Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba  
BA Bosnia and Herzegovina  
BW Botswana  
BV Bouvet Island  
BR Brazil  
IO British Indian Ocean Territory (the)  
BN Brunei Darussalam  
BG Bulgaria  
BF Burkina Faso  
BI Burundi  
CV Cabo Verde  
KH Cambodia  
CM Cameroon  
CA Canada  
KY Cayman Islands (the)  
CF Central African Republic (the)  
TD Chad  
CL Chile  
CN China  
CX Christmas Island  
CC Cocos (Keeling) Islands (the)  
CO Colombia  
KM Comoros (the)  
CD Congo (the Democratic Republic of the)  
CG Congo (the)  
CK Cook Islands (the) 
CR Costa Rica  
CI Cote d'Ivoire  
HR Croatia  
CU Cuba  
CW Curacao  
CY Cyprus  
CZ Czechia  
DK Denmark  
DJ Djibouti  
DM Dominica  
DO Dominican Republic (the)  
EC Ecuador  
EG Egypt  
SV El Salvador  
GQ Equatorial Guinea  
ER Eritrea  
EE Estonia  
SZ Eswatini  
ET Ethiopia  
FK Falkland Islands (the) [Malvinas]  
FO Faroe Islands (the)  
FJ Fiji 
FI Finland  
FR France  
GF French Guiana  
PF French Polynesia  

15  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 TF French Southern Territories (the)  
GA Gabon  
GM Gambia (the)  
GE Georgia  
DE Germany  
GH Ghana  
GI Gibraltar  
GR Greece  
GL Greenland  
GD Grenada  
GP Guadeloupe  
GU Guam  
GT Guatemala  
GG Guernsey  
GN Guinea  
GW Guinea -Bissau  
GY Guyana  
HT Haiti 
HM Heard Island and McDonald Islands  
VA Holy See (the)  
HN Honduras  
HK Hong Kong  
HU Hungary  
IS Iceland  
IN India  
ID Indonesia  
IR Iran (Islamic Republic of)  
IQ Iraq 
IE Ireland  
IM Isle of Man  
IL Israel  
IT Italy 
JM Jamaica  
JP Japan  
JE Jersey  
JO Jordan  
KZ Kazakhstan  
KE Kenya  
KI Kiribati  
KP Korea (the Democratic People's Republic of)  
KR Korea (the Republic of)  
KW Kuwait  
KG Kyrgyzstan  
LA Lao People's Democratic Republic (the)  
LV Latvia  
LB Lebanon  
LS Lesotho  
LR Liberia  
LY Libya  
LI Liechtenstein  
LT Lithuania  
LU Luxembourg  
MO Macao  
MG Madagascar  
MW Malawi  

16  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 MY Malaysia  
MV Maldives  
ML Mali 
MT Malta  
MH Marshall Islands (the)  
MQ Martinique  
MR Mauritania  
MU Mauritius  
YT Mayotte  
MX Mexico  
FM Micronesia (Federated States of)  
MD Moldova (the Republic of)  
MC Monaco  
MN Mongolia  
ME Montenegro  
MS Montserrat  
MA Morocco  
MZ Mozambique  
MM Myanmar  
NA Namibia  
NR Nauru  
NP Nepal  
NL Netherlands (the)  
NC New Caledonia  
NZ New Zealand  
NI Nicaragua  
NE Niger (the)  
NG Nigeria  
NU Niue 
NF Norfolk Island  
MK North Macedonia  
MP Northern Mariana Islands (the)  
NO Norway  
OM Oman  
PK Pakistan  
PW Palau  
PS Palestine, State of  
PA Panama  
PG Papua New Guinea  
PY Paraguay  
PE Peru  
PH Philippines (the)  
PN Pitcairn  
PL Poland  
PT Portugal  
PR Puerto Rico  
QA Qatar  
RE Reunion  
RO Romania  
RU Russian Federation (the)  
RW Rwanda  
BL Saint Barthelemy  
SH Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha  
KN Saint Kitts and Nevis  
LC Saint Lucia  

17  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 MF Saint Martin (French part)  
PM Saint Pierre and Miquelon  
VC Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  
WS Samoa  
SM San Marino  
ST Sao Tome and Principe  
SA Saudi Arabia  
SN Senegal  
RS Serbia  
SC Seychelles  
SL Sierra Leone  
SG Singapore  
SX Sint Maarten (Dutch part)  
SK Slovakia  
SI Slovenia  
SB Solomon Islands  
SO Somalia  
ZA South Africa  
GS South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands  
SS South Sudan  
ES Spain  
LK Sri Lanka  
SD Sudan (the)  
SR Suriname  
SJ Svalbard and Jan Mayen  
SE Sweden  
CH Switzerland  
SY Syrian Arab Republic (the)  
TW Taiwan (Province of China)  
TJ Tajikistan  
TZ Tanzania, the United Republic of  
TH Thailand  
TL Timor -Leste  
TG Togo  
TK Tokelau  
TO Tonga  
TT Trinidad and Tobago  
TN Tunisia  
TR Turkey  
TM Turkmenistan  
TC Turks and Caicos Islands (the)  
TV Tuvalu  
UG Uganda  
UA Ukraine  
AE United Arab Emirates (the)  
GB United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland (the)  
UM United States Minor Outlying Islands (the)  
UY Uruguay  
UZ Uzbekistan  
VU Vanuatu  
VE Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)  
VN Viet Nam  
VG Virgin Islands (British)  
VI Virgin Islands (U.S.)  

18  Revision Date: 10/ 2/2024 
 WF Wallis and Futuna  
EH Western Sahara*  
YE Yemen  
ZM Zambia  
ZW Zimbabwe  
 

